CEXT-2107: Create a CLI command to show event registrations (#151)
AdobeDocs/commerce-events: src/pages/get-started/commands.md

- description: testing local provider creation (Instance docs-stage-testing)
```

> ## Get details about configured event registrations in your App Builder application

Reviewer: Add a link to this section at about line 23 of this file.

Author: Added

The `bin/magento events:registrations:list` command returns details about configured event registrations.

### Usage

`events:registrations:list`

### Example

```bash
bin/magento events:registrations:list
```

### Response

```terminal
- Event registration 1 (5eb5106d-0e84-4c2e-ae73-b22b266a7908)
```

> To include information about subscribed events increase the verbosity of the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the `-vv` option to increase the verbosity of information about the subscribed events.
```
